<h1 align="center">OrgAI</h1>

OrgAI is a Python AI Program created to suggest organizations at <a href="https://www.purdue.edu">Purdue University</a> based upon defined keywords. Using Selenium Browser Automation, OrgAI accesses Purdue's Organization Directory, <a href="https://boilerlink.purdue.edu">Boilerlink</a> and processes the site's language data. Each unique word presented by organization descriptions is rated based upon the frequency it is used within the directory and weight values generated as users make decisions. Data is continuously developed for suggestion accuracy as users rank organizations on a floating point scale of 0 to 1 based upon their interest.

Required Python Libraries:
- Selenium Browser Automation: <a href="https://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/#">Selenium Documentation</a>
- Natural Language Toolkit Library: <a href="https://www.nltk.org/">NLTK Documentation</a>

Functions:
<br>
- <code>start()</code>: This function is the suggested start path for the program. It completely clears all logged keywords and organization data, including user-preferences and adjusted weight scaling and starts from a clean slate. This function will prompt users to input keywords (see <code>add_keywords()</code>) and then run <code>update_orgs()</code> to gather organization data and finally <code>ai()</code> to prompt user decisions. After running <code>start()</code> once, <code>ai()</code> or another function should be run to perserve user data.
- <code>add_keywords(*keys)</code>: This function adds keywords which affect the suggestions offered by the program. When adding keywords, the system will prompt you to input weights. Keyword weights, on a floating point scale of 0 to 1, will influence how the system interprets a keyword. A keyword with a weight of 0 means that it is not desired or to influence the rank of an organizations. On the other hand, a keyword with a weight of 1 means that is is desired and highly influence the suggestions of organizations. The weight of keywords is continuously adjusted as users make decisions with the <code>ai()</code> function.
- <code>remove_keywords(*keys)</code>: This function removes keywords.
- <code>list_keywords()</code>: This function lists keywords 10 at a time based upon the weight associated with the keyword. If <code>update_orgs()</code> has not been run, the keywords listed will be solely those added with the <code>add_keywords()</code> function.
- <code>search_keywords(key)</code>: This function will search for key within the system's keywords. If found, statistics will be given for the keyword. If a keyword is not found, the system will ask if you would like to add it with the <code>add_keywords</code> function.
- <code>update_orgs()</code>: This function accesses the Purdue Organization Directory, Boilerlink, and gathers data on all organizations. It then calls <code>rank_orgs()</code>, which given no keywords have been added, ranks organizations based on the uniqueness and descriptiveness of their descriptions for better algorithmic sorting. This function uses <code>load()</code> and <code>org_r()</code> to load the information from the pages of the University Organization Directory.
- <code>rank_orgs()</code>: This is a helper function called to rank organizations for suggestion when new keyword weights are present. An organization is ranked with by the weight, overall frequency, and frequency within the description of its keywords. The following formula is used: <em>description_frequency * key_weight / overall_frequency</em>.
- <code>ai()</code>: This function is to be used after <code>update_orgs()</code> has been run. It suggests organizations based upon their initial rank and prompts the user to rank the organization on a floating point scale of 0 to 1 based upon the user's interest. This rank is then used to update the keyword weights of the organization prompted. The weights of these keywords is averaged with the weight of user interest given to the organization. Updated weights based on user decisions determine the order in which organizations are presented.
- <code>list_orgs()</code>: This function lists organizations that have been ranked by the user with the <code>ai()</code> function. The organizations and their respective index (given for easier searching) are listed in order of rank.
- <code>org_info(org)</code>: This function shows the information of the given org (org can either be the name of the organization or the index given in the function <code>list_orgs()</code>. Information includes the name and description of the organization and the link of the organization's page is shown on a browser initiated by the code.
- <code>org_stats()</code>: This function gives the statistics for the given org including the organizations name, keywords, suggestion rank, and user-given interest rank.
- <code>clean_sys()</code>: This function uses the helper function of <code>clean()</code> to clear the logged keywords and organization data, including user-preferences and adjusted weight scaling for a system default setting.
- <code>update(var)</code>: This helper function updates system variables logged in the sys.txt storage document.
